gh-126946: Improve error message in getopt.do_longs based on existing comment (#126871)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-11-18-16-43-11.gh-issue-126946.52Ou-B.rst

> Included possibilities in the error message of getopt.do_longs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve the :exc:`~getopt.GetoptError` error message when a long option
prefix matches multiple accepted options in :func:`getopt.getopt` and
:func:`getopt.gnu_getopt`.
```
